Full documentation about extending the plugin (#27)
IBM/sonar-cryptography: docs/DETECTION_RULE_STRUCTURE.md

After, we have `inBundle(IBundle bundle)` that requires us to link our rule to a bundle identifier ([`IBundle`](../engine/src/main/java/com/ibm/engine/rule/IBundle.java)).
Indeed, we may have several functions or constructors doing the same thing, typically all having the same name, but differing by the various parameters they have.
In this case, we have to write one detection rule per function.
But using the same bundle identifier for all these rules, we can specify that these rules all belong together.

And finally, we can finish the specification of the detection rules by adding top level dependent detection rules with `withDependingDetectionRules(List<IDetectionRule<T>> detectionRules)` (or not, using `withoutDependingDetectionRules()` instead).

> These are similar to the parameter dependent rules, but instead of applying these rules on a parameter, they are applied to the object itself, i.e. to the object with which the rule matched in the first place. 

Author: Explain where the depending detection rules are added in the tree of detected values (currently there is a problem with #12)

Indeed, to keep the specification above simpler, we handle this case separately [later](#special-cases-no-parameters-and-any-parameters).

### Detailed explanations

Writing a detection rule starts with instantiating a new [`DetectionRuleBuilder`](../engine/src/main/java/com/ibm/engine/rule/builder/DetectionRuleBuilder.java) and calling its `createDetectionRule()` method.
Notice that `DetectionRuleBuilder<T>` is a generic class, that should be parametrized with a language-specific type (learn more [here](./LANGUAGE_SUPPORT.md#identifying-the-four-classes-to-use-in-generics)).
Then, the two next builder steps aim at identifying the function call that you want to capture, by specifying first its type and then its name.

To specify its type(s), you can use `forObjectTypes(String... types)` to capture any function call that is called on an object whose type is matching one of the provided types **or subtypes**. Instead, you can also use `.forObjectExactTypes(String... types)` to only capture function calls matching one of the provided exact types (and not their subtypes).

> [!NOTE]

> > Some languages, like Python, can have functions defined directly in a file and not in a class, in this case the function is not "called on an object". In this case, the meaning of the provided types depends on the implementation of the language support for the Sonar Cryptography Plugin: you should look into the documentation or code describing what this "object type" represents in your language. In particular, you can look into the implementation of the function `getInvokedObjectTypeString` in the [`ILanguageTranslation`](../engine/src/main/java/com/ibm/engine/language/ILanguageTranslation.java) implementation of your language. For example in Python, we define this type as the "fully qualified name" of the function, which is its full import path.

Author: @n1ckl0sk0rtge I do think that the meaning of types is given by "the implementation of the language support for the Sonar Cryptography Plugin" and not "the implementation of the language (abstract syntax tree)".
For Python, we _choose_ to define types as the fully qualified name, and it's a choice we implement in the language support layer, rather than something inevitable coming from the AST.

> > Some languages, like Python, can have functions defined directly in a file and not in a class, in this case the function is not "called on an object". In this case, the meaning of the provided types depends on the implementation of the language support for the Sonar Cryptography Plugin: you should look into the documentation or code describing what this "object type" represents in your language. In particular, you can look into the implementation of the function `getInvokedObjectTypeString` in the [`ILanguageTranslation`](../engine/src/main/java/com/ibm/engine/language/ILanguageTranslation.java) implementation of your language. For example in Python, we define this type as the "fully qualified name" of the function, which is its full import path.

Author: ```suggestion
> Some languages, like Python, can have functions defined directly in a file and not in a class, in this case the function is not "called on an object". In this case, the meaning of the provided types depends on the implementation of the language support in the engine module: you should look into the documentation or code describing what this "object type" represents in your language. In particular, you can look into the implementation of the function `getInvokedObjectTypeString` in the [`ILanguageTranslation`](../engine/src/main/java/com/ibm/engine/language/ILanguageTranslation.java) implementation of your language. For example in Python, we define this type as the "fully qualified name" of the function, which is its full import path.
```

We offer multiple classes implementing `IValueFactory` allowing you to capture various information. Here are two common examples:
- The parameter contains a string specifying the chosen algorithm (like in the function call `encrypt("AES")`): `shouldBeDetectedAs(new AlgorithmFactory<>())` will capture the string `AES`.
- The parameter contains an integer specifying the bit size of the key (like in the function call `createNewKeyWithSize(256)`): `shouldBeDetectedAs(new KeySizeFactory<>(Size.UnitType.BIT))` will capture the integer `256`.

This step may optionally be followed by a `asChildOfParameterWithId(int id)` statement, which give finer-grained control on the organization of the tree of detected values.
Indeed, by default, all values detected with `shouldBeDetectedAs` in a same rule are set at the same level in the tree of detections (no matter if it's a top level or a parameter detection).
The step `asChildOfParameterWithId` allows you to put the associated detected value below (in the tree) the detection identified by `id`.
The `id` of a detected value is `-1` if it comes from the top level detection, or the index (starting at `0`) of the parameter detection of the rule.

> > TODO: is it the index of the parameter, or the index of the `shouldBeDetectedAs` of parameters?

Author: I will refer the reader to the complete example in the next section

After this optional capture phase, there is another optional step to add dependent detection rules to the parameter, using `addDependingDetectionRules(List<IDetectionRule<T>> detectionRules)`.
This step will apply the provided detection rules on the associated function parameter, which may result in additional captured values.
This can be very useful when your function parameter is a value deriving from another function call which uses another parameter that you want to capture.
In the tree of detected values, the values detected by these dependent detection rules are placed under the detections of the parent detection rules.

> > TODO: What happens when the parent detection rule has several detections? Under which one goes the dependent rule detections? Fix the current bug.

Author: Correct, this TODO is not located where I wanted to, I was referring to #12 which happens with `withDependingDetectionRules`
